Add steps to reboot computer and update tlgmr. (#1015)
ManimCommunity/manim: docs/source/installation/mac.rst

   brew install --cask basictex

> Reboot your computer and ensure that the TeXLiveManager tool ``tlmgr`` works, by running ``tlmgr

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reboot your computer then ensure that the TeXLiveManager tool ``tlmgr`` works by running ``tlmgr
```

> Reboot your computer then ensure that the TeXLiveManager tool ``tlmgr`` works by running ``tlmgr
> --version`` in the terminal. Now update ``tlmgr``

Reviewer 2: Indeed, I'd be a bit more comfortable with a weaker formulation:

```suggestion
Ensure that the TeXLiveManager tool ``tlmgr`` works by running ``tlmgr
--version`` in the terminal (a reboot might be necessary). Now update ``tlmgr``
```

(But if you disagree, I won't block this PR over it.)

Reviewer: Agreed

> --version`` in the terminal.  Now update ``tlmgr``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--version`` in the terminal. Now update ``tlmgr``
```

.. code-block:: bash
   
   sudo tlmgr update --self

> Finnaly, run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, run
```
